_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "Hi I am Armin,"
excerpt: "Biography"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---


I am currently working as a machine learning researcher at the Energy Mechatronics Lab in my Ph.D. program at the University of Alberta. Since 2018, I have been working on developing ML systems in engineering applications, including automotive control systems and manipulated robotic systems. 

I am passionate about AI and data science and have extensive experience in MATLAB and Python. I have developed models using modeling in Python from scratch or using a standard framework such as TensorFlow and Scikit-learn. I am also skilled in writing documentation using Latex and published articles in highly ranked conferences and journals with +220 citations and an h-index of 9. Here is a summary of my skills:

- **Programming Languages:** MATLAB (Expert), Python (Expert), R (Intermediate), SQL (Intermediate), C++ (Beginner)
- **General:** LaTeX, Git, Jupyter Notebook, Google Colab, SQLite
- **Python Libraries:** Scikit-learn (Expert), Keras (Expert), TensorFlow (Expert), NLTK (Intermediate), Pandas (Expert), NumPy (Expert)
- **Soft Skills:** Time management, Teamwork, Communication, Problem-solving, Creativity, Leadership

Commit message:

feat: editing about, teaching, and education

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "Hi I am Armin,"
excerpt: "Biography"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer with 4+ years of experience developing and deploying end-to-end data-driven solutions on edge and cloud. I have 6+ years of experience developing Python code and 2+ utilizing SQL. I have developed models by hand-coding equations from scratch or using frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Scikit-learn, and Spark MLlib. I also worked with different AWS platforms, such as AWS SakeMaker, S3, EC2, and Lambda, to develop and deploy ML models. As an engineer, I like creating end-to-end solutions for businesses and bringing data to practical decisions for end users. 

I like teaching and content creation in the domain of data and machine learning. I created a Machine Learning course at the University of Alberta, including ML basics, computer vision, natural language processing, and time series. I developed 50+ practical examples. In addition, I hold two workshops with 120+ attendees in ML, computer vision, and transfer learning. 

These are my summary of skills. 

**Programming Languages:**
- Python (Advanced)
- SQL (Advanced)
- R (Experienced)
- Java (Experienced)

**Tools and Frameworks:**
- AWS (S3, SageMaker, ECR)
- Python (Pandas, NumPy)
- Scikit-learn (Advanced)
- TensorFlow (Advanced)
- PyTorch (Experienced)
- Docker (Experienced)
- MLlib - Spark (Experienced)
- Apache Kafka (Experienced)
- Git (Advanced)
- LaTeX (Advanced)
- Google Colaboratory (Advanced)
